Add CLI tool for easy push approval for administrators (#482)
finos/git-proxy: website/docs/installation.mdx

npm install -g @finos/git-proxy
```

> To install Git Proxy Command Line Tool (CLI)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the GitProxy Command Line Interface (CLI), run:
```

```bash
npm install -g @finos/git-proxy-cli
```

### Install a specific version

To install a specific version of Git Proxy, append the version to the end of the install command:

```bash
npm install -g @finos/git-proxy@1.1.0
```

> To install a specific version of Git Proxy CLI, append the version to the end of the install command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install a specific version of the GitProxy CLI, append the version to the end of the install command:
```
